## Web3

In the beginning, the web was all about just viewing content produced by other people. Here’s a webpage, look at it, click it. That was Web1.

**Web2** made it possible for users to create their own content online. Social media, social news, photo sharing, and more became possible – communicating on the web became a 2-way street

However, parts of the web are still a 1-way street. While we have control of what we create and share, we don’t have control over _what we own_ and _who we are_. Your money and everything you can do with it is still locked inside separate bank or payment apps, and your logins are specific to every website (if not controlled by Google or Apple or Meta).

**Web3** now adds the ability for users to own their own digital assets and digital identities online, and allows websites and other applications to interact with these truly digital-native assets and identities in powerful new ways.

Cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin were the very beginning of web3, but it goes so much further. In web3, “Decentralized Finance” becomes possible, making finance cheaper, better, and more accessible to anyone – financial services compete to put your money to work, rather than charging you for the privilege of holding it. And new things become possible; imagine logging out of your favorite game, but taking your equipment with you to trade with others directly, outside the game?

This new capability is generally enabled by blockchain technology, but it is in its early days. [Radix](?glossaryAnchor=radixnetwork) is pushing the cutting edge of making web3 ready for average users and real applications that matter.
